URL: https://www.pharosacademy.net/core-values
TITLE: Why Pharos? | Pharos Academy
DESC: 
STATUS: 200

Skip to Main Content
Pharos Academy
A Christian Classical Hybrid Microschool

Home

About

Courses

Policies

Calendars & Events

Apply Now!
Why Pharos?
OUR METHOD
OUR CORE VALUES
OUR MISSION & VISION
Our Method

Here’s a glimpse of the Pharos Academy experience for students and parents alike.  You will be blessed being part of a school whose method is...

CHRISTIAN

​Our students will be guided to adopt a CHRISTIAN worldview, anchoring all that we do in the principles of God's Word.

​

CLASSICAL 

Our students will thrive under a CLASSICAL teaching approach that emphasizes goodness, truth, and beauty while pursuing excellence, as they explore rich curriculum.

 

CHURCH-BASED

Our families, as part of this CHURCH-BASED school, are encouraged to actively participate in a Christian church community.  Affiliation with Pharos Academy’s partner, Enola First Church of God, is not mandatory for parents or students.


COVENANTAL
As the cornerstone of our COVENANTAL school community, parents will sign a partnership agreement affirming that, while their children are entrusted to Pharos Academy’s care, they will fully support the school in educating their children according to its principles, mission, vision, core values, and statement of faith.


HYBRID

Students flourish in our innovative hybrid model, which beautifully blends the structure and community of classroom learning with the flexibility and personalization of homeschooling. Families enjoy the convenience of dropping off their children for engaging small-group classes, or they may relax in our parent lounge. At the same time, we actively support parents as the primary guides of their children’s education at home—providing resources, guidance, and encouragement every step of the way. This approach is rooted in H.O.P.E. — Helping Our Parents Educate.

​

MICROSCHOOL
Your child will thrive in our vibrant microschool, where small-group classes allow parents to select a variety of subjects and experiences.  

Core Values

Are you looking for a school that aligns with and nurtures your Christian values? We’re confident that our Core Values will resonate with you and create a fulfilling experience.  Here is what we believe about...

God:  We believe God is one God Who exists as and manifests Himself in the three Persons of the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.

 

Scripture:   We believe that the Bible is the Word of God, is our rule of faith, and is the guide for how we think, speak, and act, as well as the lens through which we view and engage culture.

 

Salvation:  We believe salvation comes by grace through faith by accepting Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior.  By His death on the cross, Jesus paid the price for our sins so that we can be forgiven of our sins and be reconciled to God. 

 

Family:  We believe that the responsibility to train and educate a child belongs to the parents, and it is our goal to assist parents in this biblical endeavor.

 

Learning: We believe that the use of Classical Education leads to wisdom; virtue; and a love of goodness, truth, and beauty as seen throughout all curricular areas.  

 

Community: We believe in the value of individuals as people created in God’s image, celebrate their gifts, encourage mutual growth, and care for others.  

 

Discipleship:  We believe in the use of Truth to develop a mature and growing faith in Christ, to build godly relationships, to develop the fruit of the Spirit, and to share the love of Christ with others.  


Leadership:  We believe in the calling to be servant-leaders in our families, churches, and communities, and desire to use godly wisdom, grace, and love to impact our world for Christ.

Our Mission and Vision

Do you want a school that partners with you to guide your student into becoming a devoted follower of Jesus, ready to make a difference in the world? Explore our mission and vision to learn more.

Mission Statement
Partnering with parents to provide academic rigor and mentoring, while deepening students’ relationships with Christ, developing a Biblical world view, and pursuing goodness, truth, and beauty in a loving church environment.  

​

Vision Statement
Preparing students to, “honor Christ the Lord as holy, always being prepared to make a defense for the hope that is within,” (1 Peter 3:15) while loving and impacting the world for God.

Pharos Academy

9 Sherwood Drive

Enola, PA  17025

Call Jill Kilker - 717-497-0896

Join the Community 

Facebook
YouTube

Contact

Send us a message
and we’ll get back to you shortly.
Name
Email*
Subject
Write a message
Send

© 2025 by Pharos Academy. Powered and secured by Wix
