URL: https://www.pharosacademy.net/team-4
TITLE: Staff | Pharos Academy
DESC: 
STATUS: 200

Skip to Main Content
Pharos Academy
A Christian Classical Hybrid Microschool

Home

About

Courses

Policies

Calendars & Events

Apply Now!
Meet The Staff

Head of School

Jill Kilker

Mrs. Kilker earned her bachelor's degree in elementary education from Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania and her master's degree in special education from Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania.  She taught in public schools, worked at a private school, and homeschooled her children.  Mrs. Kilker is also a homeschool evaluator and consultant in Pennsylvania.  She serves as Director of Children and Youth Ministries at Enola First Church of God in Enola, PA.  She has a passion for education and brings a wealth of knowledge and experience to Pharos Academy.  She and her husband Joe are the parents of adult children, Elaina and Luke.

Chaplain & Spiritual Advisor

Pastor George Jensen

Pastor Jensen earned his bachelors in secondary education mathematics from Millersville University and received an M.Div. from Winebrenner Theological Seminary.  He is an ordained pastor in the Eastern Regional Conference of the Churches of God.  He taught in a Christian school and served as a developmental adjunct instructor at Harrisburg Community College.  He currently serves as Lead Pastor at Enola First Church of God.  He brings educational and ministry experience to Pharos Academy.  He and his wife, Judi are the parents of adult children, Shana, Tiffany and Christine.  

​

​

Director of Business Administration

Kathy Liddick

Kathy Liddick earned her bachelor’s degree in Accounting from Messiah College (University).  She worked for Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency for 35 years as well as serving as the Administrative Assistant and Treasurer for Enola First Church of God for many years.  She currently serves at the Leader of the Navigator’s Team (Discipleship) at the church as well as volunteering for various other areas of the church and is a member of the Praise Team where she plays Tenor Sax.  She also volunteers for the East Pennsboro Twp Meals on Wheels program. She loves accounting work as well as many other administrative type activities.  She is a mother of two adult children, Joshua Sr. and Tara as well as a Nana to 4 grandchildren and 2 great grandchildren.

Pharos Academy

9 Sherwood Drive

Enola, PA  17025

Call Jill Kilker - 717-497-0896

Join the Community 

Facebook
YouTube

Contact

Send us a message
and we’ll get back to you shortly.
Name
Email*
Subject
Write a message
Send

© 2025 by Pharos Academy. Powered and secured by Wix
