
--- page 1 ---
CHILD PROTECTION
BACKGROUND CHECK
POLICY
Updated 7-8-2026
--- page 2 ---
2
CHILD PROTECTION BACKGROUND CHECK POLICY
Pharos Academy is deeply committed to protecting the students entrusted to our care. We
recognize that it is our responsibility to comply with and embrace state laws and
regulations regarding child protection. Further, we believe it is our duty to be alert and
attentive to the safety of the students entrusted to us. Therefore, we proactively safeguard
our community through the following child protection background check policy.
Required Background Clearances and Training
Pharos Academy will keep copies of all required clearances listed in this policy and will not
release them to other individuals.
Required Background Clearances and Training for Employees and Self-Employed
Instructors
1. Pennsylvania Child Abuse History Clearance — From the Department of Human
Services (DHS). (Act 151)
2. Pennsylvania State Police Criminal Record Check (PATCH). (Act 34)
3. FBI Fingerprint-Based Federal Criminal History Record Information (CHRI). (Act
114).
Note: These clearances must be renewed every 60 months (5 years) from the date
of the oldest one. Copies of existing clearances that do not exceed 60 months are
acceptable. Pharos Academy will pay the fees for all such clearances.
Additional Requirements:
1. Employment History Review. Employees and paid instructors must complete a
separate Sexual Misconduct/Abuse Disclosure Release form for:
• Their current employer, regardless of whether it is a school or involves
contact with children.
• Every former employer that was a school entity.
• Every former employer where the applicant worked in a position
involving direct contact with children.
2. Sexual Abuse Prevention and Reporting Training session provided by Pharos
Academy
Required Background Clearances and Training for Volunteers:
1. Pennsylvania Child Abuse History Clearance — From the Department of Human
Services (DHS). (Act 151)
2. Pennsylvania State Police Criminal Record Check (PATCH). (Act 34)
3. FBI Fingerprint-Based Federal Criminal History Record Information (CHRI). (Act
114)
• Required if the volunteer has not been a continuous PA resident for the
entire previous 10 years (or hasn't obtained one since establishing
residency).
--- page 3 ---
3
• If they have been a continuous PA resident for 10+ years: Instead of FBI
fingerprints, they can submit a signed Disclosure Statement for Volunteers
(swearing/affirming they are not disqualified under CPSL §6344(c) due to
certain convictions or similar offenses elsewhere).
Non-PA residents: If volunteering in PA for more than 30 days in a calendar year,
they need the full PA clearances (including FBI if applicable). Shorter durations
may allow out-of-state equivalents with documentation.
Note: These clearances must be renewed every 60 months (5 years) from the date
of the oldest one. Copies of existing clearances that do not exceed 60 months are
acceptable. Pharos Academy will pay the fees for all such clearances.
Additional Requirement:
1. Sexual Abuse Prevention and Reporting Training session provided by Pharos
Academy